.. _hamiltonian-reference-frames:

****************************************
Hamiltonian objects and reference frames
****************************************

For code blocks below, I assume the following imports have already been
excuted::

    >>> import astropy.units as u
    >>> import numpy as np
    >>> import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
    >>> import gala.potential as gp
    >>> import gala.dynamics as gd
    >>> import gala.integrate as gi
    >>> from gala.units import galactic

Introduction
============

When :ref:`integrating orbits using the potential classes directly
<integrate_potential_example>`, for example::

    >>> pot = gp.HernquistPotential(m=1E10*u.Msun, c=1.*u.kpc,
    ...                             units=galactic)
    >>> w0 = gd.PhaseSpacePosition(pos=[5.,0,0]*u.kpc,
    ...                            vel=[0,0,50.]*u.km/u.s)
    >>> orbit = gp.Hamiltonian(pot).integrate_orbit(w0, dt=0.5, n_steps=1000)

it is implicitly assumed that the initial conditions and orbit are in an
intertial (static) reference frame. In this case, the total energy or value
of the Hamiltonian (per unit mass) is simply

.. math::

    H(\boldsymbol{x}, \boldsymbol{v}) = E
        = \frac{1}{2}\,|\boldsymbol{v}|^2 + \Phi(\boldsymbol{x})

It is sometimes useful to transform to alternate, non-inertial reference frames
to do the numerical orbit integration. In this case, the _effective_ Hamiltonian
may include other terms. For example, in the case of a rotating reference frame
constantly rotating with frequency vector :math:`\boldsymbol{\Omega}`, the
effective potential can be written

.. math::

    \Phi_{\rm eff}(\boldsymbol{x}, \boldsymbol{v}) = \Phi(\boldsymbol{x})
        - \boldsymbol{\Omega} \cdot \boldsymbol{L}

where :math:`\boldsymbol{L}` is the angular momentum. For working in
non-inertial reference frames, Gala provides a way to compose potential objects
(which define just the static component of the effective potential) with
reference frame objects into a :class:`~gala.potential.hamiltonian.Hamiltonian`
object, which can then be used for orbit integration, evaluating the full
symplectic gradient of the effective Hamiltonian, and computing the value
(pseudo-energy) of the effective Hamiltonian.

Creating a Hamiltonian object with a specified reference frame
==============================================================

Using the potential objects and
:meth:`~gala.potential.potential.PotentialBase.integrate_orbit()` to integrate
an orbit is equivalent to defining a
:class:`~gala.potential.hamiltonian.Hamiltonian` object with the potential
object and a :class:`~gala.potential.frame.Staticframe` instance::

    >>> pot = gp.HernquistPotential(m=1E10*u.Msun, c=1.*u.kpc,
    ...                             units=galactic)
    >>> frame = gp.StaticFrame(units=galactic)
    >>> H = gp.Hamiltonian(potential=pot, frame=frame)
    >>> w0 = gd.PhaseSpacePosition(pos=[5.,0,0]*u.kpc,
    ...                            vel=[0,0,50.]*u.km/u.s)
    >>> orbit = H.integrate_orbit(w0, dt=0.5, n_steps=1000)

In this case, the ``orbit`` object returned from integration knows what
reference frame it is in and we can therefore transform it to other reference
frames. For example, we can change to a constantly rotating frame with a
frequency vector that determines the axis of rotation and angular velocity of
rotation around that axis::

    >>> rotation_axis = np.array([8.2, -1.44, 3.25])
    >>> rotation_axis /= np.linalg.norm(rotation_axis) # make a unit vector
    >>> frame_freq = 42. * u.km/u.s/u.kpc
    >>> rot_frame = gp.ConstantRotatingFrame(Omega=frame_freq * rotation_axis,
    ...                                      units=galactic)
    >>> orbit_to_rot = orbit.to_frame(rot_frame)
    >>> fig1 = orbit.plot(marker='') # doctest: +SKIP
    >>> fig1.suptitle("Static frame") # doctest: +SKIP
    >>> fig2 = rot_orbit.plot(marker='') # doctest: +SKIP
    >>> fig2.suptitle("Rotating frame") # doctest: +SKIP

.. plot::
    :align: center

    import astropy.units as u
    import numpy as np
    import gala.dynamics as gd
    import gala.potential as gp
    from gala.units import galactic

    pot = gp.HernquistPotential(m=1E10*u.Msun, c=1.*u.kpc,
                                units=galactic)
    frame = gp.StaticFrame(units=galactic)
    H = gp.Hamiltonian(potential=pot, frame=frame)
    w0 = gd.PhaseSpacePosition(pos=[5.,0,0]*u.kpc,
                               vel=[0,0,50.]*u.km/u.s)
    orbit = H.integrate_orbit(w0, dt=0.5, n_steps=1000)

    rotation_axis = np.array([8.2, -1.44, 3.25])
    rotation_axis /= np.linalg.norm(rotation_axis) # make a unit vector
    frame_freq = 42. * u.km/u.s/u.kpc
    rot_frame = gp.ConstantRotatingFrame(Omega=frame_freq * rotation_axis,
                                         units=galactic)
    orbit_to_rot = orbit.to_frame(rot_frame)

    fig1 = orbit.plot(marker='')
    fig1.suptitle("Static frame", fontsize=20, y=0.96)
    fig1.subplots_adjust(top=0.92)
    fig1.tight_layout()

    fig2 = orbit_to_rot.plot(marker='')
    fig2.suptitle("Rotating frame", fontsize=20, y=0.96)
    fig2.subplots_adjust(top=0.92)
    fig2.tight_layout()


We can also integrate the orbit in the rotating frame directly by creating a
:class:`~gala.potential.hamiltonian.Hamiltonian` object with the rotating
frame::

    >>> H_rot = gp.Hamiltonian(potential=pot, frame=rot_frame)
    >>> rot_orbit = H_rot.integrate_orbit(w0, dt=0.5, n_steps=1000)
    >>> _ = rot_orbit.plot(marker='') # doctest: +SKIP

.. plot::
    :align: center

    import astropy.units as u
    import numpy as np
    import gala.dynamics as gd
    import gala.potential as gp
    from gala.units import galactic

    pot = gp.HernquistPotential(m=1E10*u.Msun, c=1.*u.kpc,
                                units=galactic)
    w0 = gd.PhaseSpacePosition(pos=[5.,0,0]*u.kpc,
                               vel=[0,0,50.]*u.km/u.s)

    rotation_axis = np.array([8.2, -1.44, 3.25])
    rotation_axis /= np.linalg.norm(rotation_axis) # make a unit vector
    frame_freq = 42. * u.km/u.s/u.kpc
    rot_frame = gp.ConstantRotatingFrame(Omega=frame_freq * rotation_axis,
                                         units=galactic)

    H_rot = gp.Hamiltonian(potential=pot, frame=rot_frame)
    rot_orbit = H_rot.integrate_orbit(w0, dt=0.5, n_steps=1000)
    _ = rot_orbit.plot(marker='') # doctest: +SKIP

In this case, because the potential is spherical, the orbit should look the same
whether we integrate it in the rotating frame or in a static frame and then
transform to a rotating frame. In the example below, we consider the case of
integrating orbits in an asymmetric, time-dependent bar potential.

See the :ref:`integrate_rotating_frame` example for more information.
